>> And I think many people
today don't know what
to believe anymore.
>> People are basically
going to need to keep
on to help uncover
what really happened.
>> So, I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told the
entire story.
[ Music ]
>> [Applause] And now the host
of the nationally
syndicated Coast to Coast AM
and Gaiam TV bring you Beyond
Belief with George Noory.
>> George Noory: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
Here we have a South
African author,
researcher and investigator.
He deals with ancient
civilizations.
Please welcome Michael
Tellinger.
[Applause] Thank you, Michael.
How are you?
Good to see you.
>> Michael Tellinger:
>> George Noory: Have a seat.
What's new since the
last time I saw you?
>> Michael Tellinger:
Oh, more discoveries,
more mind blowing stuff.
It never seems to stop.
>> George Noory: It
doesn't end, does it?
How did you get interested
in ancient civilizations?
>> Michael Tellinger:
That's a good question
because I don't actually
even remember myself.
I've always since the earliest
of times in my life even
as a five year old I used to
go outside and look at the sky
and say when are they going
to start talking to us?
And then by the time I turned 18
and I read Erich von Daniken --
>> George Noory:
Chariots of the Gods.
>> Michael Tellinger:
Chariots of the Gods,
that I think was really
the key moment in my life
that everything changed for me.
>> George Noory: Super.
Doesn't he look like
Clark Gable by the way?
You look just like him.
Zecharia Sitchin, of
course, his theory was
that there was a civilization
that came here, seeded us,
basically created us,
that they were the gods.
You've looked into that theory,
too, and you agree with him.
>> Michael Tellinger: Not
only do I agree with him,
I think that I'm in the very
fortunate position in the work
and the research
I've been doing is
to finally provide
the physical evidence
for what Zecharia
Sitchin has written about.
And what's fascinating for
me is the more research I do
and the more parts of Sitchin's
work I revisit the more we find
specific places in South Africa
that echo what he wrote about.
So when Sitchin wrote
these statements
or these translations
he didn't know
that we would discover
them and find them.
And that for me is critical in
verifying and validating much
of what he did and now taking it
to the next level and figuring
out what were these people
up to, who were they,
and exposing the vastness of it
at the southern tip of Africa.
>> GN: Let's talk about
Sitchin for a moment
so people can have a
better idea of what he did,
what he uncovered and
how he found this.
>> MT: Well, he talks about the
Annuna gods or the Annunaki,
the gods of heaven
and earth that came
to earth a long time
ago looking for gold.
And this gold thing is critical,
because in all ancient cultures
you can't separate human origins
and our obsession for gold.
And we can trace it to -- it's
actually a human obsession,
it's actually an obsessions
of the Gods or the Annunaki.
And the establishment of
this vast gold mining empire
in this place called the Abzu.
So if you try and reverse
engineer the situation,
trying to figure out
where the Abzu is,
if we can find the
physical evidence
and present a vast gold mining
operation then we can say --
>> GN: Sure, ancient
and you can see it.
>> MT: Ancient exactly, with
the tools and the artifacts
and add the technology to
it that's new technology
to us today that we
don't yet understand,
and realize that these
ancients had this technology,
that there are more
than ten million
of these stone structures in
southern African and it's all
about gold mining, then
I guess we've found Abzu
that Zecharia Sitchin talks
about, and the Abzu is
where the gold mining
was happening
at the southern tip of Africa.
>> GN: What were they
looking for gold for?
Were they greedy people
and this was their wealth,
or was there another reason?
>> MT: Yeah, no, no.
This is the critical thing
that you start to discover
when you start looking at
how much we really know
about ancient civilizations.
The gold is not about wealth,
it's not about trade
and commerce.
And in fact Annunaki
were the ones as well
that introduced the concept
of money to the human race.
Money is not part of the
process of barter and trade
for thousands of years.
There's a very specific
time in human history
that the Annunaki introduced
the concept of money,
and that goes back thousands
and thousands of years.
The gold is all about
a variety of things.
And actually the more you look
into it the more
mysterious it becomes.
We've heard about the fact
that as Sitchin writes
that they used the gold, they
ground it up to a fine powder
and they suspended it
around their planet
to protect their planet against
universal rays, cosmic rays.
>> GN: Kind of like a layer.
>> MT: Exactly, a
protective shield.
Their planet was
dying and so forth.
Well, that may have been
Sitchin's translation then,
but if he knew what we know
now about the various aspects
of gold he might have
changed his opinion
on the meaning of
that translation.
I believe that it led a far
more important role and in terms
of the cladding of their planet.
Because what the Annunaki were
doing here was pretty much going
against what Star Trek
has been calling for many,
many decades now
the prime directive.
And this is a very
interesting fine point.
And I've been finding that
this concept called the prime
directive plays a critical
role in human evolution
and human development.
And the Annunaki juggled
that prime directive ball
very, very delicately.
And I actually truly believe
now more than anything else
that the gold was used
more as a cladding device
to clad their planet including
planet earth with some sort
of a shield that made our planet
and their planet invisible
to the prying eyes of other
beings of consciousness
so they couldn't see what
was going on on this planet
and the abuse that was
happening of a species
that was being created
specifically
for the mining of gold.
>> GN: How much gold did they
pull out of this [inaudible].
A lot.
>> MT: Well, you know how
much gold the Vatican brought
from the Americas, right,
when they first landed
here in the Americas.
And that's the same for the rest
of the world and then especially
in South Africa and
southern Africa.
The amount of gold that
has come out of it,
we don't know how much
gold has come out of it
because there is no real record.
Well, I guess there is a record
but we'll never see that record.
What I do know is that once
the gold leaves the gold mines
of South Africa and
has been paid
for by the South African
reserve bank with fiat money --
>> GN: Which means money that
nothing is backing, right?
>> MT: Yes, exactly.
Basically piece of
paper that they take --
>> GN: And just print it, sure.
>> MT: Print some logos
on it and say, well here,
we've paid you for the gold.
>> GN: We need to get
into that business.
>> MT: Oh, yeah.
So which means basically
stealing our resources
from the people and paying
for it with pieces of paper.
Once the gold leaves the
mines we can't trace it.
It disappears.
It goes into the Rand
Refinery in South Africa,
and then from there we have
no idea what happens to it.
>> GN: Okay, so when
this group came here,
the Annunaki, how long ago?
>> MT: Well, Sitchin calculated
about 435,000 to
450,000 years ago.
>> GN: Okay.
>> MT: And my research shows
that the tools and the artifacts
and the origins of humankind the
furthest I can take it back is
around 285,000 years ago which
is an interesting number,
as you know, because of the
mitochondrial eve studies
suggest that humanity suddenly
sprung up out of nowhere
around 250,000 to
300,000 years ago.
So it's still consistent.
The tools and artifacts and
especially Adam's Calendar
which is one of the places
that we found in South Africa
which is connected to the
Annunaki and specifically Enki.
That shows that that
was established
about 285,000 years ago.
>> GN: Okay, so they
come here to mine gold,
and all of a sudden the
beings, the inhabitants
who come here they don't want
to do the work anymore do they?
>> MT: That's it.
>> GN: So somebody comes
up with a grand idea, hey,
the species that happened to
be on the planet at the time,
what were they, Neanderthals?
>> MT: Good question.
>> GN: Who knows, right?
>> MT: Homo Erectus, Homo
Habilis, Neanderthals,
they could have been a whole --
>> GN: Not human, though.
>> MT: Not human, not the
way that we see humans today.
>> GN: Alright, so they decide
let's genetically alter this
species and create
us in their image.
Sounds like the Bible,
doesn't it?
>> MT: It certainly does.
>> GN: Is that what they do?
>> MT: That's what Sitchin's
translation's all about.
And not just his translations.
There are various
other translations.
And it's important to note
that not everything Sitchin
wrote was true and accurate.
He made mistakes like we all do.
>> GN: Sure.
>> MT: But now it's for us to
identify and recognize those
and replace them
with new information.
So that's exactly what
seems to have happened.
Did some sort of
genetic meddling happen,
genetic experimentation
happened that these --
>> GN: To make workers.
>> MT: To make workers.
They were masters -- there's one
thing that we need to specify.
They were masters of
technology and masters
of genetic manipulation.
And they seem to continue
having that mastery today.
And so they created this --
>> GN: [Inaudible]
>> MT: Exactly.
>> GN: And the Adam and
the Eve and Genesis talking
about the first man and woman
they really were the Adam
and Eve of this genetic
manipulation?
>> MT: Absolutely.
But my information is,
and based on what I found
in South Africa, is that
the first beings that were
cloned they were neither male
nor female.
They were probably more male
because they were larger
and more masculine in shape.
But they did not yet have
the X or Y chromosomes.
So the first humans cloned by
the Annunaki only had 22 pairs
of chromosomes which is
an interesting number
when you start dealing
in numeric science.
And many geneticists like
William Brown suggest
that originally we had only
22 pairs of chromosomes.
And then when they realized
that they needed the species --
because they cloned
the first humanoid
to be a worker, nothing else.
Then they realized they
couldn't clone enough
of them fast enough --
>> GN: They needed
them to breed.
>> MT: They needed
So that's when we suddenly see
several thousand years later the
introduction of the
X and Y chromosomes
so they could procreate.
And that's where the
Biblical story comes into play
when they took the
rib from Adam.
Basically what they're telling
us they took a little bit
of genetic material from Adam --
>> GN: Stem cells.
>> MT: Stem cells, exactly,
and created a female.
And that's why when they
put them into this sort
of circle Garden of Eden was
really an experiment to see
if after copulation
and procreation the female
wouldn't eat the male
as many species do, right?
>> GN: That's true.
Just an amazing story.
>> MT: It is.
>> GN: Now, but you're not
saying there is not a god
because the interpretation
of Genesis, fallen angels,
we're really talking
about these beings
who came down here aren't we?
>> MT: What this very
clearly highlights is
that they are just another group
of beings created
by [inaudible].
>> GN: Higher on the
totem pole basically.
>> MT: Exactly.
What I refer to as God with
a big G, the creator of all,
the source of all things.
>> GN: Whatever it is.
>> MT: Whatever that original
source of consciousness is
that has brought everything into
creation, visible and invisible.
We're just aspects of that.
So what this does,
what this information
and this research does it
actually highlights how much
bigger and greater
the creator is.
>> GN: I agree.
It's one of the most
fascinating stories ever.
Let's take some questions
from you
for our guest Michael Tellinger.
Just raise your hand
and I'll point to you.
Yes, right over here.
>> Why don't we hear more
about the civilizations
in South African, the research
that's being done there?
>> MT: Mainly because
it flies in the face
of mainstream history
and archeology.
And I'm at this stage I seem
to be the sort of lone voice
that talks about this.
You'll hear a lot of
stories and information
about ancient civilizations
in mainstream history books,
but they regurgitate the same
information over and over again.
And it generally stops at
a certain time in history.
What I talk about is
a much longer history,
and this previously
unknown history,
the vanished civilizations
of southern Africa
that I've been exposing.
>> GN: These lost civilizations
that you have looked
into what happened to them, and
why did we lose the knowledge
of what happened to them?
>> MT: And this is a great
story, an important question
because what this does, again,
it brings together
the one historic event
that virtually all ancient
cultures talk about.
And that seems to be this
great flood that happened.
>> GN: We call it the
flood of Noah, right?
>> MT: Exactly.
And the Sumerian
Tablets talk about it,
the Bible talks about it.
Every ancient civilization
has a great flood that came
at some stage and
wiped the slate clean.
And the evidence suggests that
that's exactly what happened
in South Africa and
southern African based
on the sedimentation and
the fact that the majority
of the stone ruins are still
buried by many meters of soil
and sediment and
specifically sea sand.
>> GN: It sounds like a
tsunami to me, Michael.
>> MT: Well, it's a huge --
it must have been huge waves
because we find sea
fossils, seashells --
>> GN: Way in, right?
>> MT: -- on tops of mountains
inside the stone ruins.
>> GN: On tops of mountains.
>> MT: On tops of mountains.
>> GN: So the water had to
get up that high obviously.
>> MT: That high.
And also down in
the Barberton Valley
where Adam's Calendar looks over
the Barberton Valley there's
about 15 or more meters
of sediment of sea sand.
>> GN: That's dramatic.
How about another question
for Michael Tellinger?
Yes, sir?
>> Hi Michael.
You do a lot of research on the
stone circles in South Africa.
I was wondering if
you found any evidence
of pyramids in South Africa?
>> MT: Thank you
for that question.
Definitely.
Pyramids seem to be a common
denominator all over the planet.
And more and more pyramids
are being found everywhere.
And there definitely are two
distinct pyramidal structures
that are connected
to Adam's Calendar.
They lie in the Barberton
Valley that I just mentioned
that is filled with
sediment of sea sand.
We have no definite proof
that they are pyramids yet,
but they certainly
look like pyramids.
They are connected to Adam's
Calendar via a golden spiral
which the probability that they
are not connected can be now
assumed that they are connected.
And they display the
same strange phenomenon
at these pyramidal structures
that you lose GPS signal
when you go in there just
like you do at Adam's Calendar
and in many of the stone
circles that you go
into because they are all
energy generating devices.
And that is one of the key
discoveries that I've made.
So they are strange
pyramidal structures.
You lose GPS, they emanate
strange energies, sound,
and electromagnetic frequencies
have come out of them.
And also they align with
the rise of Orion's belt
from the viewpoint when you
stand at Adam's Calendar,
the pyramidal structures.
>> GN: Michael, Zecharia Sitchin
talked about the Annunaki,
that they came from
another planet
within our own solar
system, Nibiru.
>> MT: Yeah.
>> GN: Where is that planet now?
>> MT: Good question.
Everyone is asking
that question,
and I wish we had more
definite answers for that.
Whether Nibiru is a planet
or a whole other solar
system I think is still out,
the jury is out on that.
Just recently, several
years ago,
there was this strange planet
or a star with several planets
around it, it was either a
star with planets or a planet
with moons that was
moving towards us
and that suddenly vanished.
It's no longer there.
>> GN: Where did it go?
>> MT: Exactly.
Now, the cladding effect
that I refer to of the gold,
and this is what gold has,
the monoatomic form of gold,
the white powder of
gold, has this capacity
to make things disappear.
>> GN: Cloaking.
>> MT: Cloaking it.
So you cannot detect
it energetically,
and I believe the Annunaki
understood this very, very --
they're masters of technology.
In fact, all the technology
we have today probably is a
hangover from the Annunaki.
>> GN: Let's take another
question for Michael Tellinger.
Who's got one as we talk
about ancient civilizations?
You.
>> I was wondering if you had
any idea what the Annunaki
look like.
>> GN: I love this question.
>> MT: I know, it's a tough one.
>> GN: It comes up a lot.
Many have said that
they look like us
because we are in their image.
>> MT: Right, and I would
have to concur with that.
But unfortunately the human
race does not all look the same.
We're not actually the human
race, we're the human races,
and there are many race
groups among human beings.
And that's a critical question
that we need to answer.
Why do we have Chinese people
and why do we have Black people
and why do we have
Nordic people?
Because if we all came from the
same seed we should all look
the same.
>> GN: Absolutely.
You know I was thinking about
that, going in to do Coast
to Coast last week, that this
planet has this vast amount
of different cultures
and ethnicities.
And for a moment I kept saying
maybe it's the geographic region
that these people live in
and that's why they look
the way they look, right?
That Africa which is generally
sunnier you get tanned more,
you get darker, but it
just didn't make any sense
when I thought about it.
It's almost as if every race
on this planet was created
by a race that looked like them.
>> MT: That's what it has to be.
So we see the resemblance in
features, physical features
of the different race
groups from the star seeds
that must have originally
created them
or that they come from.
And I love that story
that you just mentioned
because when I was at school
whenever I asked, well,
where do white people and Black
people come from the answer was,
well, Black people spend
more time in the sun
and that's why they develop
more melanin and they get darker
and they get more
resistant to the sun.
Well, that suggests that
originally everybody was white
and then got darker with time.
>> GN: Which is not the case.
>> MT: Which is not the case.
So that's an insane
suggestion to start off with.
But the Annunaki based
on the descriptions
in the Sumerian Tablets
which Sitchin brings forth is
when they refer to Enki is that
they describe him as being tall,
having the hair the color of
the sun and the eyes the color
of the sky and he
was light skinned.
So maybe the Nordics are closer
to the Annunaki than
anyone else.
>> GN: Now, you kind of hinted
that they may still be around.
What did you mean?
>> MT: Well, there's no doubt
that the Annunaki left
behind their offspring,
and there's definitely a huge
global movement with Marduk,
one of Enki's sons that was in
charge, it seems like he was
in charge of Egypt for a long
time and various parts --
that part of the world.
And Marduk was left behind
to look after this planet
and did not necessarily
do the kind of job
that he was expected to do.
>> GN: He didn't do a good job.
>> MT: No.
So there are these two
factions of the Annunaki,
those that left behind
that retained a lower level
of consciousness
and took the world
in a very different
draconian kind of suppressive
and oppressive direction
that we are experiencing
on this earth today
with absolute control
through governments
and oppression.
And those that left the
higher consciousness Annunaki
that allowed themselves
to grow in consciousness.
They are beings as well.
Thousands and thousands
of years have gone by,
their consciousness
has exploded as well.
So now we have the higher
consciousness Annunaki
and the lower consciousness
Annunaki.
And I believe those
that left being Enlil
and Enki are very active
from a much higher dimension
to restore the problems
that are being caused
by their offspring
on this planet.
>> GN: They say that the
Annunaki were a warring group,
that they attacked each
other, and look what kind
of folks we are on this planet.
We're doing the same thing.
>> MT: I think it gets even
more complicated than that.
Because the Annunaki
were not the only ETs
that were active on this planet.
There were many, many others.
>> GN: The grays
that we've heard.
>> GN: The grays, the Zeta
Reticuli, many others.
And there are many
researchers that speak
about that aspect of it.
And we need to take
cognizance of that
and see how the Annunaki's
activities here compares
to the other interventions and
activities of extraterrestrials.
But it seems that the
Annunaki were the very powerful
and I guess dominant ETs here
because of the giant gold mining
operation that they created
and the fact that they were
raping this planet for minerals.
And then they were joined
by other ETs that came
to rape this planet
for more minerals.
>> GN: But they were the firs?
>> MT: It seems like it.
At this stage it seems like it.
>> GN: It's amazing how
the Book of Genesis kind
of echoes this story if
you look for that story.
>> MT: Yeah.
And what I find fascinating
is when you read Genesis
and you come back to the gold
you find it's various obvious
that it's not humans that were
obsessed, but it's the Annunaki
or the Elohim, because
Annunaki also referred
to themselves as the Elohim.
This is critical to understand.
And it is the Elohim
in the Bible
that first mentioned the
word gold, not the humans.
It's a Genesis --
>> GN: Powdered gold,
too, right?
>> MT: Yeah.
But the word gold first
comes to us from God
or the Elohim in Genesis 2.
When Eve had not yet been
fashioned from Adam's rib,
Adam was still alone
on earth, and it's gods
that mentions the word gold
when he says there's
a land called Havilah,
there's great water
and the land is good,
the water is good
and there is gold.
And in there we find the clues
that the Elohim were obsessed
with gold and not the humans.
>> GN: They used gold also
in a powdered form
and they ingested it.
What did it do to them?
>> MT: Well, we know from
the great works of people
like David Hudson and other
researchers, Laurence Gardner
that speak about the
white powder of gold
or the monoatomic gold
or the Bible referred
to it as manna from heaven.
And they seem to have used
it as a curative substance
to keep them healthy, to keep
them physically immortal.
It has numerous properties.
It's a super conductor.
So if you ingested it basically
what it does it helps --
the circuits inside your body,
your nervous system becomes
a super conductor then
so that you no longer
have to take milliseconds
for the information to travel
but it travels instantly
throughout your body.
So your DNA gets healed by it,
you can cure disease with it.
Plus it levitates.
>> GN: It levitates?
>> MT: It levitates.
The white powder
of gold levitates.
David Hudson talks about when
they were doing the laboratory
experiments with MIT when they
had a little fluffy powder
in the tube of inert gas
when he brought his hand
under it a little pile of
powder lifted up and levitates.
So what that suggests that
we actually have monoatomic
elements in our bodies because
when you bring your hand below
it it makes it repels it.
While a magnet when you put a
magnet there it does nothing.
They tried all kinds
of things bring
under the white powder of gold.
Only the human body
would make it respond.
And it's also interesting
that it's the gold
because gold is not the only
element that can be turned
into a monoatomic
element from the group
of elements that do that.
There are about 9 or 11 of
them if I remember, platinum,
group of metals, yeah.
But it's gold that seems to
flux at body temperature.
And so they were interested in
the gold alone, not platinum,
or iridium or rubidium
and so forth.
Gold is the one they
were looking after.
And that is critical as
well because in South Africa
in the Province of Limpopo
there are dozens and dozens
of underground tunnels,
ancient gold mining tunnels
that were mined by the Annunaki
because there's no other
explanation for it.
They're ancient.
They were discovered in the
30s by modern gold miners.
And in these tunnels
there is no gold
but there is platinum slag
that's been left behind
in these tunnels.
So they weren't interested
in the platinum,
they were interested
in the gold.
>> GN: Tell me about
these stone circle ruins
that you've looked into.
>> MT: Yeah, and so glad
you came back to that
because that is the
thing that explains a lot
about the Annunaki, Enki and
this vast gold mining empire.
Because the stone circles,
first of all there are more
than ten million of the
circular stone ruins.
>> GN: And where are
they, everywhere?
>> MT: They're all over
South Africa, Zimbabwe,
part of Botswana, Mozambique,
and I believe they cross
over the Zambezi into
southern Zambia as well.
And they are what is best
described as the factory
that powered -- the
factory and the power plant
that was the giant gold
mining empire of the Annunaki.
And all the stone
circles are circular.
Each one has a very unique
design because actually each one
of them is an energy
generating device.
And I know this because
we measured them.
They create huge amounts
of sound frequencies
in the gigahertz
which is unheard of.
>> GN: Were they build in these
locations for a specific reason?
>> MT: Yes, they were
built at specific locations
because they actually suck
out the sound frequency,
the sound energy
of Gaia,
and that's why each one is
unique, because each one
of the stone circles
is a symatic
representation of
the sound frequency
on the surface of planet earth.
So it becomes like an energetic
plug point into the earth,
and then they share the
energy that they amplify
because of the sound frequencies
that these stone
walls then amplify
and generate electromagnetic
fields out of the sound.
So sound becomes a precursor
to electromagnetic fields,
and then they share this
energy by these channels
that connect all the
stone circles together.
So you got more than ten million
stone circles that I found
or calculated that cover
most of southern Africa.
They're all connected
by these channels.
And they created this huge power
plant that created the energy
for the extraction of the gold,
the technology that they used
to extract the gold from the
tunnels and for the processing
of the gold and the
separation of the minerals
and whatever they needed to do.
>> GN: How did we lose this
information, this knowledge?
>> MT: Well, the flood
as we discussed already.
>> GN: Wiped out everything.
>> MT: The flood wiped it out.
That seems to be a very
important dividing line
in human history, in
recent human history.
>> GN: And you think that
flood was generated on purpose
as the Bible dictates?
>> MT: I don't think so.
>> GN: Just a catastrophe.
>> MT: I think it
was a catastrophe
and Annunaki knew it was coming
and they prepared for it.
And I also know they
prepared for it
because we have technology that
has detected many, many tunnels
that lie hidden below the
soil, that technology exists.
And we know that where
that those tunnels are,
and we also know that those
tunnels are still filled
with gold.
And that is a huge discovery.
>> GN: What do you think, they
saw an astroid coming this way?
>> MT: Well, either
an astroid or --
>> GN: Predicted where
it was going to hit?
>> MT: Yeah, either an astroid
or as Sitchin suggests
their planet or one
of their moons was coming
very close to planet earth
and they knew it was going to
cause huge geophysical effects
that would cause a
tsunami or the giant waves
that became known
as the great flood.
So the Annunaki prepared for it.
They hid all the gold in
the tunnels underground,
and many people would
have then gone
into the tunnels underground
to try and hide from the flood.
>> GN: And they got wiped out.
>> MT: They got wiped out.
So we found lots of tunnels
that are filled with bones,
human remains and
filled with gold,
and there are thousands of them.
>> GN: And they could
be that old?
>> MT: They definitely go
back about 12,000 years.
In fact, there's one grave
sight that is very close
to Adam's Calendar that we are
convinced is actually the grave
sight of Enki's youngest
son called Dumuzi.
And the Sumerian Tablets
very clearly tell the story
of Enona and Dumuzi,
and when Dumuzi died
after the flood.
So that's recent, it's like
12,000 years ago, right?
And Enona took him to the
deep Abzu where she buried him
on the edge of a cliff near his
father's special place looking
east so that his soul
would be everlasting.
And there's a grave right
there that we've detected
with infrared technology
that there's a cavity
about three meters deep and
about three meters long.
Now, a human grave would
not be three meters long,
it would be a lot shorter.
And it's been confirmed
by Baba Credo Mutwa,
the preeminent Zulu Shaman
in South Africa who said
that there is an ancient
king buried at that site.
>> GN: That's fascinating.
>> MT: And ancient ceremonies
were performed there by shamans
and elders for thousands
of years at this site.
It's what we call the stone
altar which was discovered
by Onina and myself.
And that is connected
to Adam's Calendar
or which is Enki's
Calendar both by Enki
which actually is
a giant vortex.
It's a double toroid vortex.
>> GN: When we talk
about Atlantis sinking,
could it be around
the flood era,
or is it either farther back?
>> MT: I've got a feeling
it's probably further back,
further back in time.
And it seems that the technology
that the Annunaki used
in southern Africa using
sound as a source of energy
which I also believe
Nikola Tesla used --
>> GN: Sure.
>> MT: -- using and
understanding how to use sound,
how to amplify it through what
I identified as technology
that we know today in
the form of magnetron
or magnetron amplifying
technology which is used
in laser beams and microwave
ovens and death rays if you want
to call them that and
secret military projects.
>> GN: They got all
that knowledge.
>> MT: Exactly.
They built these
giant magnetrons
that are 20 meters in diameter.
And it's just amazing
when you see this stuff.
It's so obvious, it's
in front of your eyes.
And when you recognize it
you go, oh my goodness,
we're using the same
technology today.
They just use it on a
huge vast, in a vast way
that we could never
have imagined.
>> GN: How did they
get here, craft?
How did they get here?
>> MT: Well, Sitchin suggests
they flew here in aircraft
and that they used water
as a means of propulsion.
So at this stage
that's what it suggests.
>> GN: That could
be the mistake.
>> MT: That could be
the mistake, yeah.
Because it is very clear
that the Annunaki are
multidimensional beings.
They're highly evolved.
They're highly crafty, they
always have been for millions
and millions of years.
They haven't been around
for just thousands of years.
The Annunaki have been
around for millions,
according to some
researchers billions of years,
and they've been at this
for a long, long time.
>> GN: Do you know how
advanced they must be?
Unbelievable.
>> MT: Yes.
The fascinating thing is that
we have the capacity in us.
You said it yourself.
We're the offspring, we're
the genetic offspring
of the Annunaki.
And the ability to
have this kind
of knowledge is encoded
in our DNA.
But the best part of that is
that now that we understand more
about the DNA and what
the DNA is we realize
that our DNA is directly
connected
to all the knowledge
that's sitting
in the morphogenic field.
So we can just tap
into it and get it.
We don't need to go back and
try to recreate the technology.
And this I believe is a critical
thing is that the technology
that was employed
by the Annunaki
and then abused thousands
of years later --
>> GN: And lost.
>> MT: -- and lost, but then
used when money was introduced
by the Annunaki as a tool
of control and enslavement
into the human race, when
kingdom was lowered to earth
from heaven, we now have a very
direct connection to the origins
of bloodlines of the
royal political bloodlines
that run the world today.
So Marian tablets tell
us when that happened.
And we also have the
introduction of money as a tool
of enslavement by these first
royal bloodline priest kings
that set up the first banks that
were in the temples of Sumar,
and they created
the first money.
So now we know that the
Annunaki are responsible for --
>> GN: They did this.
>> MT: -- all this stuff.
>> GN: They were the
federal reserve of the past.
>> MT: Exactly.
And now we can start making
sense of where we come from,
that we were created as
a slave species to work
in the gold mines of southern
African and then the gold mines
around the rest of the
world because the Maya's
and the giant Olmec
heads are clearly
and distinctly of
African origin.
They have very distinct
African features.
So it seems that they took these
original African gold miners
and they might have taken them
to other parts of the world
to do the gold mining for them.
That's one possible suggestion.
But then we also discover
that they introduced this
thing called money and they set
up the legal systems,
banking systems.
And we're still using those
systems of enslavement today.
And they're being
used against us.
So what this does very
clearly is allows us to figure
out what we should not be doing.
>> GN: Are we learning
anything, Michael, about this?
>> MT: Absolutely.
We're learning that the
past few thousand years,
and we need to thank
the royal bloodlines
and the banking families for
this, is that they showed us
that this is not the way.
That we need to find a new way.
And that I believe is
probably my most recent
and I believe my most
important contribution
from my research is
learning from the ancients
and providing possible plausible
solutions for the future.
To say we can't continue
doing what we've been doing
for thousands of years because
that's called insanity according
to Albert Einstein.
>> GN: Sure.
But some of those people
that control don't
want to change do they?
>> MT: Of course not because
it's about the control.
It's about this taking
control of our planet.
And this is where many
people make the mistake.
They think it's about the money.
It's not about the money.
The money is just
the tool of control.
So they use the thing
called money
to keep control over the planet.
So once we realize this
we need to go, okay,
well if money is a tool
of control then all we got
to do is get rid of the money
and bypass the money and set
up a new global system where
we don't need to use money
where we put people first
instead of the money,
and providing abundance for
this planet and for the humanity
on this planet because
it's our planet after all.
We were created to
be on this planet.
It might not have been for
noble reasons in the beginning,
but it certainly has turned
out that we are now the most
populous species on this planet
so it belongs to the people.
And we need to put people
first and everything second.
And this is where I
believe we are now.
I believe that the rise of
consciousness is allowing us
to move rapidly towards that.
Our DNA is being
activated as we all know
because Annunaki
DNA is in our blood.
>> GN: Sure.
>> MT: And it is imbued with
that absolute higher levels
of consciousness and
understanding technology
and realizing we can move
beyond the technology
because the technology is
actually in our bodies.
Our bodies are the highest level
of technology that
we can imagine.
>> GN: How many planets do
you think the Annunaki went
to to do exactly
what they did here?
>> MT: Hundreds if
not thousands.
They've been doing this for
millions and millions of years
so it's difficult to judge.
Pick a number.
>> GN: They just seeded
all these planets.
>> MT: Yeah.
But the important thing here is
that there's often a very
fine line between the Elohim
and the Annunaki, a
line of deception.
And, again, because -- and
I need to quickly come back
to the brilliant discovery
of Meho Ledwith
when he discovered
that the opening phrase
of the Bible is not what
we're being taught it is.
Because the opening Hebrew
phrase does not have the letter
aleph at the beginning
of that phrase.
And when he inserted
the letter aleph into --
which is an obligatory letter to
every sacred script has to start
with that first letter of the
alphabet, when he inserted
that letter it no longer says
in the beginning God created
the heavens and the earth
which we've all come to know.
It says the father of the
beginnings created the Elohim,
the heavens and the earth.
And that's a spectacular
discovery.
Because it immediately
brings Judeo- Christianity
in alignment will
all ancient cultures
and the creation stories
from all ancient cultures
that they were some sort
of a primordial source,
the father of the beginnings.
>> GN: It makes a lot of sense.
>> MT: That brought forth
the Elohim themselves,
the gods of the Bible and
everything else in creation.
>> GN: Let's take some more
questions for Michael Tellinger.
How about somebody over here?
Yes, ma'am?
>> Hello, Michael.
Do you think Stonehenge
in England is attached
to the circles in
South Africa at all?
>> MT: Is the Stonehenge
in England attached
to the circles in South Africa?
>> GN: Now, that's interesting.
Maybe, huh?
>> MT: Yeah.
What I can tell you is
that Stonehenge is an
energy generating device.
There's no doubt about that.
The technology that seems to be
embedded in it is very similar
to that of the stone
circles in South Africa.
So there is most
likely a connection.
The Annunaki have been
coming here for hundreds
of thousands of years.
The indication, however, is that
Stonehenge is probably more
than a million years old based
on the erosion on some of
the stones in Stonehenge.
And this is new information
that nobody seems
to be talking about.
And yet when you go there
and you look at the stones
at Stonehenge and you look
at the erosion there's
like two feet of erosion on
Sarsenns stone where some
of the breaks occurred.
And you go, well hold on, two
feet of erosion can't occur
in a few thousand years.
So Stonehenge must be
extremely old, probably way more
than a million years old.
And remember that Stonehenge
was reconstructed in the 50s
so it's not the way
it was found.
When it was found it
was totally destroyed
and just lying there in pieces.
It was reconstructed in the 50s
into what we see it being today.
So it's difficult to say but
it's possibly connected, yeah.
>> GN: You know what
fascinates me, we've got records
of events during our lifetime,
the Civil War, World
War I and II.
Anything that happened
we have records.
We can go back, we can trace it.
What happened with the
ancient civilizations
where it just seems
to have ended
and nothing got passed along?
And then here we are
scrambling to try
to interpret what
happened in the past?
How did it get and why
did it get cut off?
>> MT: Well, we've got
the Sumerian tablets.
We've got ancient
Indian and Asian Sanscrit
and other ancient texts that
tell us very similar stories
about the gods that
came to earth.
>> GN: Right, and about flying
machines and everything else.
>> MT: Exactly.
And the gold, the
obsessions with gold.
So there are a lot of
consistencies in ancient times
that are becoming more
and more important
as we connect the dots.
But there's another important
thing about the technology.
Because if you look at what
all the ancient sites are made
of they're made of stone.
Well, what is one of
the main components
of stone is silica, quartz.
>> GN: Right.
>> MT: What is used in the
most advanced technology today?
Quartz, silica.
It holds memory.
It conducts information.
Fiber optics, silicon
chips and so forth.
The most advanced
technology is silica.
So if we know how to use
silica in its original form
in the stone why the hell
do we need to extract it?
Just use it in the stones.
And that's what I believe
many people are starting
to realize is that all
the information is encoded
in the stone.
You don't need to extract it to
put it into shiny metal objects.
That's an aspect of capitalism.
You need to extract it
and put it into a thing
and package it nicely so
you can sell it to somebody.
If you don't need to sell
anything you don't need
to extract it.
Leave it in its original form.
The same can be said about
the pharmaceutical industry.
You know for thousands of
years people healed themselves
with natural remedies
and plants.
And suddenly the pharmaceutical
industry comes along,
they extract the
active ingredients
so they can package it.
>> GN: From those plants.
>> MT: From the plants,
exactly, to put it in a box
so they can sell it to us.
>> GN: Under prescription form.
>> MT: Yes.
And suddenly they make the
plants illegal and unlawful
so you can't grow them yourself
because you need
to buy the stuff.
So you see how the thing
called money has been slowly
but surely evolved into keeping
us away from the technology
and understanding and the
knowledge of technology.
That's in everything around us.
In our bodies, there's
technology in our bodies,
the technology in the rocks.
So I believe that the
silica and the quartz
in all the ancient sites has all
the knowledge and information
of how it was built, when it
was built, by whom it was built,
for what reasons it was
built encoded in the quartz
and the silica of these rocks.
We just don't know
how to tap into it
and extract the information out.
But what we do know, and this
is brand new information,
that finally for the first
time we can now store digital
information in real
quartz crystals.
And this is new stuff,
brand new stuff.
So when you watch
Superman the movie
and when he's putting all the
crystals in there whoever wrote
that stuff knew what --
>> GN: They knew.
>> MT: They knew
what they were doing
because he had all this
information encoded
in the crystals and manipulating
stuff with crystals.
So I suggest that very soon
crystals will either be illegal,
unlawful, or they'll
become very valuable.
So hang on to your crystals.
>> GN: Like the diamond.
>> MT: Yes.
Because very soon it's
going to be very bad,
all crystals are bad because now
suddenly you can store trillions
of terabytes of information
into one crystal,
and that's not good
for business.
>> GN: Good point.
We're talking with
Michael Tellinger
about ancient civilizations.
How about another question?
Yes, ma'am?
>> I have a question
about the Annunaki class
and how they had the
slave class and also
about currency and money.
Wouldn't also an agrarian
society be using food as more
of a valuable currency
for a slave class?
I mean would they have
uses of money or gold
or would they more
likely be wanting food
to sustain themselves
and their families?
>> MT: Yeah, my research
very clearly shows
that money was not used in
ancient times before the flood.
There is no -- when you read the
Sumerian translations there's
never ever any reference
to money among the
Annunaki or the Annuna gods.
The reference to money is always
only when you start talking
about the beings or the
humans, how it was used
to control the humans.
And it's really important
because this is important for us
to try and figure out how
we can move beyond money
and beyond the absolute
oppression
and enslavement through money.
Because it's not the love of
money that is the problem,
it's the presence of
money that's the problem.
Money brings forth all the
ugly aspects of society
that we really want
to move beyond.
Because that is the thing that
keeps the consciousness low.
It keeps us oppressed.
It's the hurdle to progress.
It's the obstacle to abundance,
the hurdle to progress.
So the moment you remove it
from our existence it opens
up the door to abundance
on every level.
We don't need to create
hurdles for ourselves.
We need to create unity, we
need to work in cooperation.
All our lives we're taught
from the earliest of age we go
to school and we're taught
in these terrible indoctrination
camps that are called schools
where we're taught that
competition is good.
No, competition is
bad, it's bad.
Cooperation is good.
We should be cooperating,
not competing.
Competition on certain levels
where it's friendly competition
but not competition
for domination,
for the purposes of domination.
Competition for the purposes of
promoting unity and cooperation
to show who comes up
with a better device
so that better device can
be shared with everybody
and not be used for the
exploitation of everybody.
This is critical.
So the Annunaki never used
gold as a form of currency.
It's a very important thing.
The oldest example of money
in the world is actually a
clay tablet that, once again,
it's always hidden
in plain site.
And this clay tablet is
in the British museum
for everyone to see.
And it's what I call the
oldest bill of exchange
that was obviously made
by a scribe in the temple,
that was the bank,
and was instructed
by the priest king
who was the banker.
And this oldest form
of money talks
about eight silver shekels
being deposited by a person
into the temple to the banker
in the form of interest.
The eight silver shekels
was actually interest
that he was paying.
So already then the
priest kings in the temples
that were the banks were
already charging interest.
>> GN: Smart people, right?
>> MT: It's crazy.
>> GN: The ancient Indian
Sanscrits discusses what looks
like nuclear war that
happened on this planet.
Can you explain that?
>> MT: Well, they certainly
had advanced knowledge
and technology.
And their ability to manipulate
radioactive materials is
very clear.
And evidence of Mohenjo-daro
and the various ancient
civilizations
in the Indus Valley clearly show
that there was nuclear fallout
there that's been detected.
>> GN: The desert is glass.
>> MT: The desert is glass.
There's destruction, and the
same in the Sinai Desert, right,
that Abraham was
supposed to come down
and protect and so forth.
And just the story of
Abraham is a fascinating one.
Why suddenly he moved from
Ur all across with a handful
of warriors that could slay what
Sitchin refers to as Nar men,
a small army of 400 or 500 men
that could subdue
an army of 10,000.
That's not physically possible.
>> GN: Unless they had
the weaponry, right?
>> MT: Unless they
had the weaponry.
And the same thing
is then described
in the Sumerian Tablets
when kingdom was lowered
to earth from heaven.
And kings were chosen from
among the people by the gods,
and they appointed the kings
so that they could
rule over the people.
And the way they could
rule over the people was
because the gods gave
them fierce weapons
with which they could
subdue the people.
And this is how we find
the kingdoms arise.
Because otherwise it makes no
sense that kingdoms would arise
out of people living
happily sharing everything
and living in abundance.
And suddenly this king pops
his head out and says, hold on,
this land now belongs to me.
And you all work for me, and
if you don't have this thing
with my face stamped on it
you can't live on my land
and you have to pay
me to live on it.
It's crazy, it's a crazy idea.
>> GN: The stories of Sodom
and Gomorrah and things
like that also to me sound
like some kind of war that
destroyed these cities.
>> MT: Absolutely.
And what I believe
was going on Sodom
and Gomorrah were
probably the first uprising
of conscious human beings
that realized, hold on,
we're being manipulated.
>> GN: Enough is enough.
We're being manipulated
by these beings, the gods,
they're oppressing us,
they're enslaving us,
we're going to stand up
and rise up against them.
And unfortunately they didn't
have weapons fierce enough.
>> GN: Right.
>> MT: And they were smited.
>> GN: They just took them out.
>> MT: Took them out, yeah.
>> GN: What is all this ahead.
What's the future look like
for you, your research?
>> MT: Well, for me the research
into the stone circles is
getting more and more exciting
because we're finding scientific
evidence, the measurements
of the sound frequencies
that are coming out.
Showing us very clearly that
sound is a primordial source
of energy that can be used
in a spectacular fashion.
And it's a free source
of energy.
We're not burning fuel, we're
not burning oxygen or hydrogen.
It's an energy that's given,
volunteered to us
by Mother Earth.
And we should start
learning from the ancients
and using sound as an energy.
So I believe we're moving
towards an understanding how
to use free energy.
And secondly now that we
understand how money was
introduced and manipulated and
used to manipulate humanity,
we can free ourselves from
that total enslavement
through the energy, through the
money, moving beyond the energy
and the money system into a
whole new world where we live
in a world of abundance
and unity.
And I call that contributionism,
and that's really
what my new book
and my new research is
moving towards is shaving the
philosophy of a world
without money where we live
in abundance, use the skills
and the talents of the people
to provide this abundance to
everybody instead of hoarding it
for ourselves so that each one
of us is a contributor towards
the benefit and the abundance
of everybody around us.
Only my giving do we find
the absolutely pleasure
in receiving the love and
the respect from the others
in the community is by
giving, not by taking.
>> GN: What's the name of
your new book, Michael?
>> MT: It's called
Ubuntu Contributionism.
>> GN: You want to spell that?
>> MT: Yeah.
Ubuntu, well you know Ubuntu
from the software, right?
>> GN: Okay.
>> MT: Which is also created
by a South African Mark
Shuttleworth strangely enough.
So Ubuntu, U-B-U-N-T-U,
Contributionism:
A Blueprint for Human
Prosperity.
>> GN: Are we going to
win in the long haul here?
Are we going to be able
to fix some of these ills?
>> MT: I think we're
fixing them already.
Your show goes a long
way towards doing that.
It's shows like this, it's
people like this that come here
that become seeds
of consciousness.
It's all about energy.
Once you've heard this
you cannot unhear this.
The millions of people that
will be looking at this TV show
and many of your other
shows that you've done
with the brilliant researchers
that share this information
and share new areas of
levels of consciousness.
This is the critical thing.
So no matter what you do,
whether you talk about it
or not, wherever you walk or
whoever you come into contact
with you will rub off
this energy on those
that enter your sphere
of influence.
It will rub off on
them subconsciously.
They will automatically pick
up on this knowledge
and information.
And when they are ready
they'll tap into it,
and they'll then
themselves start searching
and start sharing this.
But we can help speed it
up by talking about it.
So my suggestion to everyone
is be a seed of consciousness.
Go out and talk about this.
Don't be afraid of your
knowledge and your information.
Share this with everyone.
If they don't understand it
don't let it be your problem,
let it be their problem.
Let them be informed
by your knowledge.
So be a seed of consciousness,
help this explosion grow
exponentially and let us move
into a world of abundance
for the people by the people
because this is our planet.
>> GN: Michael, all of us at
one time are trying to figure
out who are we, what are we
doing here, why are we here.
Have you gotten those
answers for yourself?
>> MT: I think we've covered
some of them here today.
And it's a critical question
once again because everyone,
as you said, have
asked ourselves that.
The fact that we don't
have immediate answers
to those three questions, who
are we, where do we come from --
>> GN: We don't know.
>> MT: Why are we here?
We don't know.
And the fact that we don't
have immediate answers
for that makes it very clear
that we are a species
with amnesia.
But we're waking up from that
amnesia by DNA being activated,
by learning from the ancient
cultures, by realizing
that what's happened to our
species is an incredible story
of enslavement, of manipulation.
And now that we know that
it's probably what the ancient
masters were talking
about, enlightenment.
Reaching the stage
of enlightenment.
Once you know this stuff you
have reached a state of knowing
and enlightenment that you can
take your own conscious decision
to step outside of
this enslavement
and free yourself from this.
And the more of us that
do this the quicker
that we'll free ourselves
from this global
enslavement of humankind.
>> GN: Will we accomplish
all this?
>> MT: Absolutely.
We're doing it.
As I said, shows like
this are doing it.
Millions of people around
the world are waking
up on a daily basis --
>> GN: It's exciting, isn't it?
>> MT: It's extremely exciting
because even a few
years ago we were not
at this level, and
you can feel it.
You can actually feel it out
there, the fact that shows
like yours are on the air
now and there are many more.
The biggest tool
that's been used
against us is now being crushed.
We are crossing --
or being eliminated.
And that, too, was the
divide and conquer principle.
And although there are
millions of enlightened people
around the world they
don't talk to each other.
They're scared of their
knowledge and information.
We're being compartmentalized
and divided and separated
to keep the knowledge
to ourselves.
And this is why I say be
a seed of consciousness.
Talk to others about
it so we start uniting
and creating a united front of
consciousness, a giant movement
that is going to start to
emulate what happened in the 60s
when this global explosion
of consciousness happened
through the music
and the knowledge
of this field of information.
What we now need to do also is
bring this kind of information
and the research that's
happening with the writers
and the researchers and the
books bring that back together
with the music and the musicians
of the world so that can combine
and start becoming
even more powerful.
>> GN: Is there anything
out there
that you would love an
instant answer for right now?
>> MT: Millions of things.
I think the list is endless.
>> GN: What's the one question
if you could get answered?
What would it be?
>> MT: The one question
probably would be
to give us visible signs of
the help that we are getting
from the beings of
higher consciousness,
the infinite number of beings
of higher consciousness.
Because many people
are aware that there --
>> GN: Something's there.
>> MT: Something's happening,
that there's intervention
on a very, very high level
and on a very massive scale
that's happening consciously
to save this planet and move
it into a path of ascension
into higher consciousness
and saving humanity
from its enslavement.
To get answers that this is
really going on on a physical
and tangible level so
people can get the relief
that something is going on,
and also help them believe
that there's something.
That it's not just us
that has to work at this,
that we actually are
getting help from others.
But in the end we
have to do the work.
We've got to do the
talking and do the legwork
and do the conscious
work on this planet.
We've got to be the
seeds of consciousness.
We can't just rely on
the help from outside.
>> GN: And with all
this are you convinced
that we are just occupying
this shell of a body to get
to the other side and
learn something else?
>> MT: In some ways
yes, but I also believe
that what many people
refer to as karma
on this planet is not
necessarily what we understand
it to be.
I have a belief that the
karma that we experience
on this planet is
actually a karmic trap
that was created probably by
the Annunaki and then reinforced
by other beings who try to
enslave humanity on this planet.
While karma is probably an
aspect of free will in the rest
of the universe where
you can choose karmically
to reincarnate based
on your free well.
But then you reincarnate
with full knowledge
of your past lives, being fully
conscious of what's going on.
That is not the case here.
When people reincarnate
on planet earth most
of us reincarnate not knowing
anything, we're like infants.
So that is what I refer
to as the karmic trap.
Until you grow in consciousness
through many lives,
sometimes thousands of lives,
reaching levels of enlightenment
where you realize,
come to the conclusion
that you're enslaved here, that
you no longer have to come back
to repeat this enslavement
pattern,
that you can release yourself
from this enslavement.
>> GN: Great information.
Michael, what's your website
for people want to track you
and see some of the
things you're doing?
>> MT: Yes,
michaeltellinger.com.
Very simple.
>> GN: And your books are
available all over the place?
>> MT: Yeah, they're
available at the bookstores
in the United States
and on Amazon.
>> GN: Well, you do a great job.
Your research is so important,
and this civilization
needs more people like you.
>> MT: Well, thank you, George,
and thanks for doing your show.
Your show needs to
be heard by millions.
>> GN: Throughout all of mankind
we have always been trying
to find these answers
to these many questions
who are we, why are we here and
who the heck helped start us.
Well, Michael, thank you for
shedding a light into that.
I appreciate that.
Let's hear it for Michael
Tellinger here on Beyond Belief.
>> MT: Thank you very much.
Thank you, George.
[ Applause ]
[ Music ]